A letter to Fantunes
by Sjoert Brink
Dear Fulvio and Claudio,
I already know the two of you a long time.When I still was a kid, I got candy from Claudio at the bridge table. 
You were always really nice to us, and despite we never beat you, I liked the two of you.
The one time I did beat Fulvio was when I played tennis against him. 
There was one thing I never forgot when we were in the taxi.
I asked you, are you never get tired of playing bridge all time, and your answer was short:"You have to ride the horse when it's hot
"Till two weeks ago I didn't know exactly what it meant, but nowadays it became clear to me.
Anyway, the reason to write the two of you a letter is to show you my personal damage for your cheating.
My debut in the Dutch team was in Istanbul 2004. As a rookie it was incredible what we did. We went all the way to the final, where unfortunately I lost against you. 
I was super happy with the silver, but gold....I'm still dreaming about it.
Off course I lost some champions cups to you, but more important for me was the World Championships in 2010, Philadelphia. I played on the O'rourke team and we reached the round of 16. 
There our team lost to your team. Could I have won the whole event? I don't know, but a chance was ruined.
Luckily in 2011 you didn't play the Bermuda Bowl and a dream became true.
Then in 2012 there was the Europeans in Dublin. You could finally play for Monaco. And although It was my best tournament, I came home only with a silver medal. You took the gold.
That my second Olympiad (Lille, 2012) ended in the round of 8 against Monaco is not a surprise. The Dutch played really well, but I got a feeling we need special methods to beat the two of you.
In 2014 I was honored to play with the reigning world champions from 2010. Their expectations where high. We had to win.It wasn't that easy. 
Luckily we all played good and we reached the semi final. Guess? You got your favorite opponent again. And again a fair chance to win a title was gone.
Now we are living in 2015. The good thing is, I'll never lose to you again. But I still feel damaged.
I would love to hear a small sorry from both of you. That's all I want. 
I do hope, now the bridge is clean I might win an Olympiad, Rosumblum or European championship. 
But if you would feel a small sorry isn't enough, you can always send me your gold from the Olympiad or the Europeans.
With kind regards,
Sjoert Brink